{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11620\viewh19320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
# Project 3 - Trivia\
\
Submitted by: Antwon Walls\
\
Trivia is a game app that displays a history question and 4 choices. There are a total of 3 history questions. Trivia asks questions that 
\f1\b always
\f0\b0  have a correct answer. It is a great way to keep your mind sharp and alert because you\'92re constantly having to remember facts and information while you\'92re playing!\
\
Time spent: 48 hours spent in total\
\
## Required Features\
\
The following **required** functionality is completed:\
\
- [x] User can view the current question and 4 different answers\
- [x] User can view the next question after tapping an answer\
- [x] User can answer at least 3 different questions\
\
The following **optional** features are implemented:\
\
- [x] User can use the vertical orientation of the app on any device\
- [x] User can track the question they are on and how many questions are left\
- [x] User can see how many questions they got correct after answering all questions\
- [x] User should be able to restart the game after they've finished answering all questions\
\
## Video Walkthrough\
\
Here is a reminder on how to embed Loom videos on GitHub. Feel free to remove this reminder once you upload your README. \
\
[Guide]](https://youtu.be/IPe-sxQEva4) \
\
## Notes\
\
The challenges I faced:\
\
1. Making the corners of my Labels and Buttons Rounded. I learned that these type of properties have to manually be coded into the TriviaViewController because they can\'92t be made in the Interactive Builder. \
\
2. Changing the correct answer count when the user taps a correct answer. Another student assisted me by pointing out that I had my gameOverMesssage in viewDidLoad(), which will only render once when the screen is first loaded. \
\
## License\
\
    Copyright [2024] [Antwon Walls]\
\
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\
    You may obtain a copy of the License at\
\
        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\
\
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\
    limitations under the License.\
}